"Fruit"
(Episode 2: Sprout)
Slow down your strokes.
Find the shadows first.
Don't rush to outline.
Then... where's the darkest part?
Look at the light.
The light comes from here.
So the shadow should be over here.
Use the shadows to bring out the edges of the light.
Here.
Let it breathe a little.
Then start your stroke from here.
Miss... I can draw it myself.
Keep the lines crisp.
Don't let your hand shake.
Okay, draw another one.
What? Another one?
I'll never finish...
We'll get going.
I'm almost done.
Good luck.
I'm almost done. Really, just a minute.
- No, got to catch the bus.
- Please.
- Bye.
- Bye!
Please stay with me!
Heartless jerks.
Almost done?
You scared me.
Miss, are you a ghost?
You walk so silently.
Just my habit.
Take a break.
Thanks.
It's pretty good.
Really?
It's really good.
Have some too.
Thanks.
Hurry up. I want to go home.
That day, there were a mix of scents in the air.
Paint, tea,
maybe the scent of wooden easels.
In that moment,
it felt like she was gently caring for me.
I felt so safe.
Miss, I was going to leave this part blank,
but I feel like it might be too empty.
No.
Your proportions have improved.
Thanks, Miss.
Miss.
Here.
You look tired. Recharge.
Thanks.
What is she thinking?
I want to know if she's in a good mood.
Miss, you need to take care of yourself.
Hmm...
The eraser...
Here.
Miss, I heard tomorrow's art class got rescheduled.
It's going to be study hall.
Yeah.
She's become colder than before.
I wish I could stay by her side longer.